- First meeting of David+Jason+Jim "Marketplace Coaches" sync
	- Looking forward to these going forward. I'm really going to enjoy working with David!
- **Continued burndown**
	- Got more tests passing (sadly by just running multiple times).
	- Ugh, behats are sooooo slow. Evidently, they take 77% of test execution time but only represent 16.9% of our tests. They also seem to be the most brittle.
		- Found this analysis spreadsheet that Sara Voss has been working on. It's _amazing_ for insight into the cloud test runs. This should help us make some more educated decisions on test refactors for sure! https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ozxsgrH9wbmbFBQtY8HUT490B0PP92fVlrG4d8t_eiQ/edit?gid=279311273#gid=279311273
	- It may be a good idea to continue moving behats to e2e angular tests (to at least get some better stability and drastic speed improvements). Then we combine that with converting angular e2e tests to unit tests where appropriate...
- **Others making improvements to marketplace-runner**!!!!
	- Aaron made more improvements to marketplace-runner to add some tasks to make on-call activities easier. It makes me SO HAPPY to see others building on top of this finally :D.
		- https://github.com/OpenSesame/marketplace-runner/pull/4
		- I love how his "Why were these changes made?" answer is "- I am tired of doing all the steps to run the daily query". Developers starting to build their own tools to my their own lives better. LOVE IT!
- **Restored single retry for unstable burndowns**
	- Seeing the extend of how unstable behats are, we are restoring a single retry of tests (using the old for loop, not a new "post back for at the end"). We will see if that makes a difference on test failures.