- **Worked out "Burndown Plan of the Day"** with Will, Sara Voss, Brian Cole, and Jose (Release Captain)
	- Putting Core engineers to work assisting us :P.
		- Sara and Sakhina are helping Will with burning down existing burndown sheet with the 500+ failures.
		- Brian Cole is focused on the story they are bringing in to permanently fix the logout redirect issue in test environments
	- Combining continued root-cause analysis and pain reduction with burndown of upcoming release so we can avoid release risks caused by unstable cloud test run.
- **Found and fixed the new issues causing 500+ failures**
	- My own code. Duoh! And a line of code that was never meant to be committed. A `browser.sleep` in a code path for creating test resources that the API tests use. API tests don't have a browser, so that function was failing which prevents test data from being created.
	- This may be a sign that the dedicated test-runners weren't an issue in the first place. We still need to figure out the potential login redirect issue for test-runner stuff though (the split I/O feature flag for enabling redirect to auth.identity-stage)
- **Identified and rolled back two more login changes I had made**
	- Just to rule out more moving pieces, I rolled those back as well
- **Kicked off and monitoring new testrel0000 test run**
	- After the changes from this morning, I went ahead and kicked off a new custom test env and test run with the name of `testrel0000` to test it with the new allow-listed domain Brian put into auth.identity for us (testrel0000.opensesame.com). 
