- Good hand-off for on-call
- Reviewed an AI idea/plan that Maanya had on AI summaries of course reviews
	- Some good and exciting stuff! Providing some feedback as well as encouragement. Liking the thinking of this so far!
- Fixed broken Release infrastructure (due to my test runner, sadly)
	- FASCINATING subtle breakage that I introduced by doing the "desired_count" way of "disabling" services in Terraform. The combination of changing a `mount_ssl_certs` parameter along with changing of `desired_count` led towards the task definition itself not getting updated in prod before and then breaking when it tried to be "disabled" this deploy. It appears this was broken for a while.
- Getting up to speed on Player/licensing fix plans
	- Some great thinking and work so far. Really excited to be part of this.
	- Emily continues to impress on her depth and professionalism
	- Soooooooo great to have Zig back
	- I was so happy to be on Zoom with Grace, Emily, Zig, and myself. Felt like a team, and felt a bit like "work home" :D
	- They've put together "research documents" along the way that are fantastic as a "capturing the research as a point in time". It's not only helped me get up to speed, but I feel like it would be great stuff to attach to the Jira after along with task map image.
- Helped finish running release commands
	- Santi was working through some configurations on his machine, so I had went ahead and finished configuring my fastly access so I could run the final release commands
		- Helps me be better prepared for my next Release Captain rotation :).
