- **Try to figure out why there were more test failures last night, not fewer**
	- It doesn't appear that any changes we've checked in are included in last night's test runs.
	- Latest test improvement code isn't on test runner image.... So may need to rebuild runner image. 
- **Deleted no-longer-used test environment that was still around**
	- Saw we still had a custom test env sitting around and went ahead and kicked workflow to delete it: https://github.com/OpenSesame/Infrastructure/actions/runs/16501858607
- **Built new test runner image and kicked off custom test run**
	- Built a new test runner image using workflow and kicked off an explicit test run to see if that gets the latest test bits/improvements picked up.
	- Test Runner image build: https://github.com/OpenSesame/Catalog/actions/runs/16499694478
	- Creation of new test env: https://github.com/OpenSesame/Infrastructure/actions/runs/16501910513
- **Discovered why "purge os_index" isn't being done**
	- Unfortunately, committing into develop and master for the Chef repository isn't sufficient. That's effectively kept up-to-date for disaster recovery by the sounds of it.
	- The test-dispatcher is created using a hard-coded AMI. The AMI isn't built in an automated fashion with any Terraform or anything.
	- According to Tom, to get the latest scripts running in the test-dispatcher (to purge os_index), we need to remote into a dispatcher, make the appropriate changes, capture it as a new AMI, update the hardcoded AMI in Infrastructure to use this new AMI.
	- https://opensesame.slack.com/archives/C0EE28ZMW/p1753382676060009
- **Started work on next test refactoring**
- **Meeting tax**
	- XP Coaches morning
	- FAST
	- WTBs
	- Monthly short-sync with Mark (keeping in touch)
