- **Rolled back cached login workaround**
	- Rolled back and created new Catalog image in hopes test failures will come back down
	- New dialogs with Core have given some good areas to look into. If not easy fix, I think roping in Core is going to be good.
- **Started dialog with Sara Voss and Brian Cole on login issues in tests**
	- https://opensesame.slack.com/archives/C095R5FEV0T/p1753466618915429
- **Found commitment that (paired with Okta change) is where new problems are coming from**
	- Also outlined in thread above
	- https://github.com/OpenSesame/Angular/commit/71a357405256938511b00e3c862032a1face19c2
- **Kicked off new test run with workaround rollback**
	- Want to hopefully get an early taste of whether extra issues are resolved or not before official test run (though am I remember we don't run them on Fridays?)
	- Lots of dialog about the issues, status, and brainstorming stuff in various threads.
- **Narrowing down logging out issue**
	- Thanks to Brian Cole's tips, I'm narrowing down on the issue in the test suite. Effectively, there's some subtle difference where the way we log out and then log back in via test automation results in different behavior than when you do it by hand). There's something about the context cookie or something that's not getting reset/removed from the testing framework.
	- I have a consistent 100% repro on my machine, so the turn around isn't awful. But it's still a dickens-of-an-issue I haven't been able to track down yet.
	- https://github.com/OpenSesame/Angular/pull/8412
- **Reviewed/approved Jim's write-up of Specialty sessions**
	- Made sure mine was accurately reflected